[DOP-15761] Fix bugs (#52)
MobileTeleSystems/syncmaster: docs/changelog/next_release/52.bugfix.rst

> - checking service_name and sid when editing oracle connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that ``service_name`` and ``sid`` are mutually exclusive when editing oracle connection
```
